I would like to plan out a web interface to track parts for an FRC robot throughout the design and manufacturing process. The features I would like include:
ability to assign robot subassemblies and part numbers in the format YY_A/P_### where YY is the robot season year last two digis, a is assemblies and P are parts during the design process, and ### is the sequential number of the assembly where each new assembly in incremented by 100, and each part increments 1 value from the assembly number. Example 26_A_100 where the first part number would be 26_P_101. Next incremented subassembly would then be 26_A_102. Next increment full assembly would then be 26_A_200.
link into the onshape CAD file using onshape API and assembly link to pull the bill of materials and part count for each part. Have an option to add to the BOM part count for spares or additional order quantity
validate the imported BOM and part/assembly numbers against the assigned number format, and if any parts do not match the correct format then flag them and recommend the correct part name
create a preview of each part from the onshape CAD link as an image in the isometric view
separate off the shelf components from manufactured parts. the main vendors typically used include WestCoastProducts, Andymark, ThriftyBot, and Amazon. Off the shelf components should have a location to save the purchase link, and will not have the team part number scheme
track the manufacturing process required to create each part. some parts will be created in the team's shop, others will be outsourced. Manufacturing method can be manually selected. The web interface should provide an option to add in house manufacturing processes, and each part should allow selection from a drop down of what the team's capabilities are. Outsourced parts should have selection for vendor, export file download from the onshape cad (user to select file type).
track the status of where each part is in the manufacturing process
Allow for an individual to be assigned to each part to facilitate it through the manufacturing process.